Live metrics docs (#4012)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/prepare-your-repositories.md

# Prepare Your Repositories

> Iterative Studio creates [projects][project] by identifying machine learning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iterative Studio creates [projects] by identifying machine learning
```

models, datasets, metrics and hyperparameters defined in your Git repositories.

> These values can be added to a project in two ways:

Reviewer: Minor: Does the order matter here? I'd always go with "data, params, models, and metrics" if so.

Author: Order doesn't matter. I'll change it.

Author: Changed.

> 1. **Set up DVC in your repositories**: You can use [DVC](https://dvc.org/) and
>    Git to version your code, data and models all within your Git repositories.
> 
>    Data Version Control, or DVC, is a data and ML experiment management tool
>    that takes advantage of the existing engineering toolset that you're already
>    familiar with (Git, CI/CD, etc.). By using DVC, you can be sure not to bloat

Reviewer: Small clarification (less repetitive IMO); And avoid documenting DVC here. Minor (and PR-unrelated)

```suggestion
1. **Set up DVC in your repositories**: You can use [DVC](https://dvc.org/) and
   Git to version your code, data, and models from your project repositories. 
   This avoids bloating
```

# Prepare Your Repositories

Iterative Studio creates [projects][project] by identifying machine learning
models, datasets, metrics and hyperparameters defined in your Git repositories.
These values can be added to a project in two ways:

> 1. **Initialize DVC in your repositories**: You can use [DVC](https://dvc.org/)

Author: Changed

[on project settings]:
  /doc/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/configure-a-project#non-dvc-repositories

> [project]: /doc/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/what-is-a-project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[projects]: /doc/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/what-is-a-project
```
